WELCOME TO "THE LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST STEPHEN COLBERT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THANK YOU FOR THAT.
I NEED THAT TONIGHT IN WAYS I
DON'T ALWAYS NEED IT BECAUSE
TODAY HAS SHAKEN ME TO MY CORE,
AND I DON'T THINK I NEED TO
POINT OUT THAT, AT 54, THERE'S
NOT A LOT OF CORE LEFT.
IT'S A NICE SUIT.
IT GIVES ME THE ILLUSION OF
CORE.
( LAUGHTER )
BEFORE WE GET INTO WHETHER OUR
PRESIDENT IS THE SIBERIAN
CANDIDATE, I'D LIKE TO REMIND
YOU OF SOMETHING LINCOLN SAID,
"AMERICA WILL NEVER BE DESTROYED
FROM THE OUTSIDE.
IF WE FALTER AND LOSE OUR
FREEDOMS, IT WILL BE BECAUSE WE
DESTROYED OURSELVES."
AND, "A HOUSE DIVIDED AGAINST
ITSELF CANNOT STAND."
THEY WERE TWO OF HIS MOST FAMOUS
TWEETS.
( LAUGHTER )
SO, WITH THAT IN MIND, I'M
THINKING THAT
MAYBE THE MOST PATRIOTIC THING
WE CAN DO RIGHT NOW, IS NOT
POINT OUT THE ALARMING BEHAVIOR
OF OUR PRESIDENT, WHICH COULD BE
DIVISIVE.
BUT INSTEAD, JUST TAKE IT UNTIL
HE'S GONE.
( LAUGHTER )
DOES ANYBODY FEEL LIKE TAKING
IT?
>> AUDIENCE: NO!
>> Stephen: ME NEITHER.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I WAS WORRIED THERE FOR JUST A
SECOND.
SO TRUMP'S IN HELSINKI WITH HIS
BUDDY VLAD, AND THIS MEETING IS
JUST THREE DAYS AFTER
12 RUSSIAN MILITARY INTELLIGENCE
AGENTS UNDER DIRECT KREMLIN
CONTROL WERE INDICTED FOR
HACKING THE 2016 ELECTION.
12 AGENTS SOUNDS LIKE A LOT.
BUT, REMEMBER, THEY'RE RUSSIAN,
SO THEY WERE ALL NESTED INSIDE
ONE BIG AGENT.
( LAUGHTER )
OKAY?
( APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
FIRST, THE TWO MEN HAD A PRIVATE
MEETING WITH ONLY TRANSLATORS IN
THE ROOM.
AND TO MAKE SURE EVERYONE STAYED
OUT, THEY PUT THIS SIGN ON THE
DOOR: "STRONGMEN ONLY!
NO GIRLS ALLOWED."
( LAUGHTER )
BEFORE WE GET INTO THE NITTY
CRAZY OF WHAT THEY SAID DURING
THEIR POST-MEETING PRESS
CONFERENCE, LET'S SEE HOW PEOPLE
REACTED TO TRUMP'S PERFORMANCE,
BECAUSE THE REVIEWS ARE IN:
>> YOU HAVE BEEN WATCHING
PERHAPS ONE OF THE MOST
DISGRACEFUL OF PERFORMANCES BY
AN AMERICAN PRESIDENT AT A
SUMMIT IN FRONT OF A RUSSIAN
LEADER CERTAINLY THAT I'VE EVER
SEEN.
>> WE HEARD THE WORST THAT WE
COULD POSSIBLY HEAR FROM A U.S.
PRESIDENT WHILE STANDING
ALONGSIDE VLADIMIR PUTIN.
>> YOU SHOULD CALL THIS THE
SURRENDER SUMMIT.
>> THIS WAS A WORST-CASE
SCENARIO GOING INTO THIS.
>> DISGUSTING.
AND THAT'S WHAT MADE HIS
PERFORMANCE DISGUSTING.
I'M SORRY, IT'S THE ONLY WAY I
FEEL.
NOT A RIGHT OR LEFT THING TO ME.
IT'S JUST WRONG.
>> STEPHEN: WOW.
THOSE ARE THE WORST REVIEWS I'VE
SEEN SINCE TITANIC.
( LAUGHTER )
AND I DON'T MEAN THE MOVIE.
"ONE STAR.
I DROWNED.
GREAT BAND THOUGH."
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
THAT'S POSITIVE.
THAT'S KIND OF POSITIVE.
>> THAT'S KIND OF POSITIVE.
>> Stephen: YOU DON'T HEAR
ABOUT THAT PART.
WHY SO BAD?
WELL, HE ASKED ABOUT RUSSIA
MEDDLING WITH OUR ELECTION AND
WHETHER HE BELIEVED ALL OF OUR
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES, OR PUTIN?
>> MY PEOPLE CAME TO ME.
DAN COATS CAME TO ME AND SOME
OTHERS SAID THEY THINK IT'S
RUSSIA.
I HAVE PRESIDENT PUTIN, HE JUST
SAID IT'S NOT RUSSIA.
I WILL SAY THIS, I DON'T SEE ANY
REASON WHY IT WOULD BE.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> STEPHEN: YOU DON'T SEE ANY
REASON?
DO YOU OWN A MIRROR?
BECAUSE AFTER THROWING YOUR
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY UNDER THE
BUS, YOU THREW IT IN REVERSE AND
TURNED THEM INTO ROAD BURGER.
>> I HAVE GREAT CONFIDENCE IN MY
INTELLIGENCE PEOPLE, BUT I WILL
TELL YOU THAT PRESIDENT PUTIN
WAS EXTREMELY STRONG AND
POWERFUL IN HIS DENIAL TODAY.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> Stephen: NO, NO, NO, BOO
ALL YOU WANT, BUT
"HE'S EXTREMELY STRONG AND
POWERFUL.
HE DOES NOT SKIP LEG DAY, AND I
KNOW BECAUSE RIGHT NOW I AM
SMOOCHING HIS GLUTES."
( PIANO RIFF )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WHAT IT IS GOING TO TAKE FOR YOU
TO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT PUTIN
DIRECTED HIS OFFICIALS TO HELP
YOU GET ELECTED?
DOES HE HAVE TO COME OUT AND SAY
IT?
BECAUSE HE DID.
>> PRESIDENT PUTIN, DID YOU WANT
PRESIDENT TRUMP TO WIN THE
ELECTION AND DID YOU DIRECT ANY
OF YOUR OFFICIALS TO HELP HIM DO
THAT?
>> YES, I DID.
YES, I DID.
>> STEPHEN: YES, HE DID.
THAT IS SHOCKING, MOSTLY BECAUSE
I'M NOT USED TO A PRESIDENT
TELLING THE TRUTH.
ONE REPORTER GAVE TRUMP A CHANCE
TO HOLD PUTIN'S FEET TO THE
FIRE.
>> WOULD YOU NOW, WITH THE WHOLE
WORLD WATCHING, TELL PRESIDENT
PUTIN, WOULD YOU DENOUNCE WHAT
HAPPENED IN 2016 AND WOULD YOU
WARN HIM TO NEVER DO IT AGAIN?
>> SO LET ME JUST SAY THAT WE
HAVE TWO THOUGHTS YOU HAVE
GROUPS THAT ARE WONDERING WHY
THE F.B.I. NEVER TOOK THE
SERVER?
WHY HAVEN'T THEY TAKEN THE
WHERE ARE THOSE SERVERS?
I WANT TO KNOW WHERE IS THE
SERVER AND WHAT IS THE SERVER
SAYING?
WHERE IS THE SERVER?
>> STEPHEN: WE KNOW WHERE THE
SERVER IS.
HE'S STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO THE
MASTER.
( APPLAUSE )
THEY HAVE A SAFE WORD, PUMPKIN
PATCH.
AND THE PRESIDENT REMINDED US
WHO'S REALLY TO BLAME FOR RUSSIA
ATTACKING OUR COUNTRY:
>> I HOLD BOTH COUNTRIES
RESPONSIBLE.
I THINK THE UNITED STATES HAS
BEEN FOOLISH.
I THINK WE HAVE ALL BEEN
FOOLISH.
I THINK THAT WE'RE ALL TO BLAME.
>> STEPHEN: YEAH, WE'RE ALL TO
BLAME.
TRUMP SOUNDS JUST LIKE F.D.R.
AFTER PEARL HARBOR.
YESTERDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1941: A
DATE FOR WHICH BOTH COUNTRIES
ARE TO BLAME.
I MEAN, IF WE DIDN'T WANT TO BE
ATTACKED, WHY DID WE HAVE THOSE
SEXY BATTLESHIPS IN OUR BIG
JUICY HARBOR?
>> Stephen: YES.
PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY PLAY THAT
MUCH OF IT.
THEY USUALLY CUT IT OFF EARLIER
THAN THAT.
>> Jon: OH, I NEVER HEARD THAT
PART BEFORE.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: IF TRUMP'S
SPINELESS TOADYING TO
PUTIN MADE YOU THINK, WHAT'S
VLAD GOT ON HIM?
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE.
>> DOES THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT
HAVE ANY COMPROMISING MATERIAL
ON PRESIDENT TRUMP OR HIS
FAMILY?
>> (LAUGHS)
>> STEPHEN: ( LAUGHS )
"I'M SORRY, I WAS JUST
REMEMBERING FUNNY VIDEO I SAW OF
MR. TRUMP.
I DON'T WANT TO SAY WHAT IT WAS,
BUT IT WAS PEE-PEE TAPE."
( PIANO RIFF )
( APPLAUSE )
NEXT QUESTION, WHO WANTS TO DIE
NEXT?
BUT PUTIN DOES KNOW EXACTLY
WHERE AND WHEN HE DIDN'T GET THE
MATERIAL HE FOR-SURE DOESN'T
HAVE.
>> I TREATED PRESIDENT TRUMP
WITH UTMOST RESPECT, BUT BACK
THEN, WHEN HE WAS A PRIVATE
INDIVIDUAL, A BUSINESSMAN,
NOBODY INFORMED ME HE WAS IN
MOSCOW.
LET'S TAKE ST. PETERSBURG
ECONOMIC FORUM, FOR INSTANCE.
THERE WERE 500 AMERICAN BUSINESS
MEN, THE HIGH-RANKING LEVEL ONES
I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER THE LAST
NAMES OF EACH AND EVERY ONE OF
THEM.
DO YOU REMEM- DO YOU THINK WE
TRIED TO COLLECT COMPROMISING
MATERIAL ON EACH AND EVERY
SINGLE ONE OF THEM?
>> STEPHEN: YES, I DO.
WHEN I WAS IN RUSSIA, I WAS
FOLLOWED EVERYWHERE I WENT, AND
I'M A COMEDIAN.
ALL RIGHT?
( LAUGHTER )
I WAS INFORMED IN NO UNCERTAIN
TERMS THAT MY PHONE WAS BUGGED
AND MY ROOM HAD CAMERAS IN IT.
I SHOWERED IN A BLUE BLAZER.
( LAUGHTER )
WHEN I FINALLY HAD TO GET NAKED,
I TURNED TO EVERY MIRROR AND
SAID, "YOU LIKE, IVAN?
YOU LIKE?
HUH?"
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
"HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP, BABY.
AMERICA."
"AMERICA NUMBER ONE."
AND PUTIN HAD A VERY STRANGE
IDEA FOR ROBERT MUELLER.
>> WE CAN ACTUALLY PERMIT
OFFICIAL REPRESENTATIVES OF THE
UNITED STATES INCLUDING THE
MEMBERS OF THIS VERY COMMISSION
HEADED BY MR. MUELLER, WE CAN
LET THEM INTO THE COUNTRY.
>> STEPHEN: "COME TO MOSCOW,
MR. MUELLER.
AS OUR GUEST, WE WILL 'TAKE YOU
OUT,' IF YOU GET MY DRIFT.
WE WILL ROLL OUT THE RED CARPET,
WHICH IS RED FROM BLOOD-- IF YOU
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING.
I'M SAYING, WE WILL KILL YOU."
BUT PERHAPS THE WEIRDEST MOMENT
OF THE WHOLE WEIRD-FEST WAS WHEN
PUTIN GAVE TRUMP A LITTLE
PRESENT TO COMMEMORATE THE WORLD
CUP.
>> MR. PRESIDENT, I GIVE THIS
BALL TO YOU, AND NOW THE BALL IS
IN YOUR COURT.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> STEPHEN: NICE GIFT, ALTHOUGH
I THINK PUTIN STILL HAS A SET OF
TRUMP'S BALLS.
>> Jon: OH!
>> Stephen: TRUMP'S SHOCKING
PERFORMANCE IN THIS SHOCKING
PRESS CONFERENCE
SHOCKED A SHOCKING NUMBER OF
PEOPLE AND WE'LL TALK ABOUT THEM
WHEN WE COME BACK.
STICK AROUND.